Rak!!! I've told you for so many times to cl ose the bin lid. See? Dogs were messing with trash.
Good morning, Diao.
Not good morning.
What's going on?
I was just following house rule to greet the house owner
or should I be sweeter?
Good morning, darling Diao.
Keep on making fun of me so I can get back at you all at once.
Did you see this?
Are you hungry? Why didn't you tell me? You didn't have to go through the trash.
Yeah, keep on making jokes. I'm gonna issue one more rule about garbage bin.
From now on, if you forgot to close the lid, you'd be fined 100 baht each.
Well, if you're the one who forget to close it, then you need to be fined too.
That's right!
Then I reduce the fee, to 10 baht each for the first time.
One more rule, if the dogs get into the trash bin. You need to hold the bin by your mouth and run around.
Fine. But if the dogs start digging your trash,
then you need to do it too. Are you sure that it's worth it?
Now I have a second thought.
Discard this one. But I'm gonna issue one more rule.
If you forgot to close the lid, and dogs made the mess…
And what….
If you forgot to close the lid and dogs made the mess, you need to...
Keep on going.
Hey, pick up the phone already, so I can finish it.
I'm sorry. I turned it off now. Keep on going.
If you forgot to close the lid and dogs made the mess, you need to hold the bin by your mouth and run around.
You can make this rule, please.
Because I'm the one forgetting to close it / What?
I was out here, discarding the trash, then my friend called to chat about Korean singers
I was busy chatting so I forgot to close it.
And then I went inside the house.
I'm so sorry.
That's alright.
What're you gonna do? You still want to set up new rule to run around with trash bin in mouth?
Of course I do.
Please, don't do it. I can't run around and hold a trash bin in my mouth.
Don't you worry. I already come up with solution.
The rules will only apply to tenant. Pleng and I will be excluded.
You don't have to clean it up, I'll do it. You can get inside and start your lesson.
Thank you / You're welcome.
Hey, you blamed it on me earlier and you won't even gonna help me?
Or you'd feel more comfortable using your mouth instead of your hands.
I'm cool with that. Come on.
Why don't you go ahead and do it!
Why're you smiling?
We share the same mind.
That's nonsense.
You said it was nonsense. See? We do share the same mind.
Am I your playmate?
Can I go now, Mr. House Owner?
Go ahead. I'm not chaining you.
Is this lamp broken?
Who's calling him? Why didn't he pick up the phone?
Suttirak received many calls yesterday and he didn't even pick them up.
Could it be from Daisy?
He didn't pick up the phone because he can't communicate with wild animal.
That's nonsense / I'm sorry.
Good. So I don't waste my time on ranting / You just did earlier.
Who called him? Why didn't he pick up the phone in front of me?
Hello.
Are you gonna hold a meeting here ?
In a meeting room.
Are you waiting for me to carry you to the room?
Here's my idea of wording for promotional campaign.
"The first 500 people downloading the app will gain 20% off from every vendor."
I think it's too long and the words are not catchy enough.
Please revise it to be more fun.
Move on to colors…
I like the color from background. We know it right away that it's our application.
But the color from 20% wording…
Keep on going.
I think it needs to be contrast with orange and in brighter shade.
This one is too dark.
Okay.
Narong is calling for you and he seems upset.
It's about the fact that Bank couldn't close the deal with famous vendors to partner with URFOOD.
Got it. I'm gonna explain all of this to Narong.
Okay.
Everything's good?
Excuse me.
Diao, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
This is a good opportunity for us to look into his phone and see who called him.
Nope. I don't want to know about this.
Fine. Just go.
You don't ? Why didn't you tell him that he forgot his phone?
I'm not his secretary. If you want to know who called him, then pick up his phone.
You still don't pick it up?
Are you sure that you really don't want to look through his phone? You're in such a rush.
Kanom wants to know about this.
I'm gonna look it first.
He sets password for his lockscreen.
Let's bring it to our room, in case he's coming back.
You planned it already?
I didn't.
00:12:01,000 --> 00:11:03,000
Please don't let Suttirak know about this.
What's his password?
Let's try his employee's code.
Wow. You didn't want to know about this but you seem to try the hardest.
Well, if you failed your attempt three times, the phone'd be automatically locked.
Then he'd know that we tried to look into in phone.
We? So you're curious too?
I'm not curious, I just shared my idea.
Diao? Kamomthai?
Yes,sir.
Do you see my phone?
I didn't.
Are you sure? I think I left it in the meeting room.
I'm sure. When we walked out, we didn't see anything.
Right / That's right. We didn't see anything.
Well, if anyone sees it, please bring it back to me.
Got it.
Enter his employee's code. Hurry up, so we can see who called him.
Okay, not curious at all.
Nope. That's not it.
His birthday?
When is it?
How could I know that? I'm not his parents.
And you think I know? You live in the same house as him
so I think you could know about this too.
I'm gonna call Rit and ask when his birthday is.
Right. And you said you're not curious at all.
If your curiosity could compare to a wound, you'd be in coma stage already.
Who called him anyway? Why didn't he pick it up?
Wait, don't bring it back to him just yet.
Give me one more hour. I can figure out his passcode for sure.
One hour is not enough, we tried his employee's code and his birthday already.
One more chance and you lost all the chances.
He'd know right away that someone tried to hack his phone. Give it back to him already.
Maybe he wants to use it.
It looks like you care about him. But why did you keep picking on him? You're joking about this?
I'm serious about me picking on him. In case he wants to use his phone for work, you should give it back to him now.
Fine. I'll give it back to him.
You can't leave it like that
because he searched for it in the meeting room already.
We need to pretend that the phone fell under the desk.
You think we nailed it?
I think / Nope. It didn't
I think the phone needs to be on the desk.
Nope. That's not it.
How about this?
Under the desk. Pretend like the phone is dropped under the desk. This one could work.
Is this your phone? I saw it dropped under the desk.
It dropped? You said that it dropped and you asked if it looked real?
You need to check your ears. I said that it was dropped here and the screen is working for real?
I don't think so.
The screen ? / Your face.
I don't know what're you all up to but I need my phone to work.
I'm sorry.
Did you turn it on?
I didn't. Maybe my hands accidentally touch it.
Toon? Who is Toon?
I don't want to know about him.
If Kanom asked me, I needed to prepare the answer for her.
Who is Toon?
Is he naked? Can I see?
What? No? I'm gonna check if the mirror is cracked.
It looked a little bit broken from the kitchen.
You're not good at lying. How could it be cracked?
Your face almost touched the mirror.
Are you gonna pick on him again?
No, I'm not. Kanom was curious about him. Someone called him so many times
and he didn't pick up his phone.
Yeah? Who was calling then?
I don't know. They asked me to investigate on this.
If you know about this, you need to let me know.
You need a spare key? You couldn't hear much from here.
If you spy on him in his bathroom or in his bedroom,
then you could hear anything.
That's just too much.
Fine. I'm gonna shopping now. You need anything? What do you want for dinner?
But you could be fulfilled from spying on someone.
Hey!
He's gone to the bathroom for a really long time. Why hasn't he come out just yet?
Is he talking to Toon inside?
Damn it! How long has he been standing here?
What should I do?
I'm gonna pretend to be faint so I don't have to answer questions.
Hey!
You!
Damn it! Why did he bring me here?
It smells so bad, what is it?
Stop it. It smells so bad. I'm gonna faint again because of it.
Hold my breath.
Hey!
Do you have dirty clothes? What?
Not washing anything.
Are you insane? Diao's faint.
I tried to check earlier and he's not breathing anymore.
So I check his heartbeat.
Please go to tell Dao that he's faint.
Okay.
Stop it already. I'm about to throw up.
What happened? Why did you look like that?
Diao…
Don't tell me that you see a ghost!
You're writing too much fanfictions. / What?
I'm here to get Dao, Diao is faint.
I called her but she didn't pick up the phone.
Dao's at Uncle Jod's café.
Can you help Rak to take care of Diao? They're in the bedroom. I'm leaving.
Okay.
How's Diao?
He's just faint. He should be better soon.
I'm not gonna be better because of this.
Have you seen Rit?
He's searching for Dao at Uncle Jod's café.
I see.
I used to learn about healing people who are faint.
It said that the patient needs to lie down and keep his head low, untighten his clothes and belt.
So blood could flow to brain easily.
Then using cold cloth to wash his legs and arms so he could be conscious faster.
Please get cold water from the fridge and put it in a large bowl for me.
Okay.
Thank you.
Don't take off my pants.
Toon's calling again.
Are you pretending it? We'll see about that.
Will he see me?
I don't think so.
He's staying still like this so he thinks I won't be able to see him?
Here's water.
Here / Thank you.
You can't put it like that. You need to wash him gently.
Sorry, I forgot.
Is he gonna smack my face or helping me? Haven't he healed faint people?
Don't worry about him. I can take it from now.
Fine.
Thank you.
You're not waking up, are you? Fine.
Pleng said that I need to wash his legs too.
I should just wash his face, not his body. It's not like he's faint for real.
You don't want to wake up? Fine.
Why did you take off my pants?
You're faint and I need to wash your legs too.
No need for that. I'm healed now.
Healed? Or you didn't faint from the start?
I'm truly healed.
You're not gonna pick it up?
That's none of your business.
I saw her trying to call you for so many times and you didn't pick it up.
Who's Toon?
That's none of your business.
I see. You're pretending to faint because you want to know about this.
Nope.
Nope? Then why're you still here, sitting on my bed? You're not going home?
Or you want me to wash your legs?
Why didn't he pick up the phone so I'd know who Toon is?
Please wait for me.
Slow down.
Why didn't you watch where you're going? They're fixing the drain and you fell right into it.
If I fell in love with you, it wouldn't be this much hurt.
You should fall on your way back so I'll cover you with cement.
What's going on? Come back here.
Rit said that you're faint?
I'm up now.
You're up? I was searching for inhaler for you. It's a good one. One sniff and you're up.
I'm not waking up because of good inhaler.
If someone is faint and they are waking up, it's gonna be because of its bad smell.
This is what Suttirak gave me earlier. It smells so bad.
But I think it smells good. Maybe it's for elderly.
So you're not really faint? You're just pretending
so you can spy on Rak's caller?
That's right.
So do you know who called him?
Not yet. But I know that the name is Toon.
What? Toon called him?
You know Toon? Who's Toon?
A girl or boy?
It's a girl.
Toon is..
Rit!
Stop it right now.
Rak, honey. Who's Toon?
Fine if you don't want to tell me.
I was just asking for Diao. He wanted to know about this.
Excuse me. I'm gonna tutor Pleng.
Let me know if you know anything.
Let's go.
Okay.
You know what to say and what NOT to say, right?
Yes, sir. Can I study with Dao?
Excuse me, I'm gonna go back to my café with the inhaler.
Okay.
My other inhaler must be missing this one already.
They're together all the time. This is the longest time they're apart.
I'm leaving / See you later.
Why do you want to know about me and Toon?
I didn't. Kanom and Dao want to know about this.
Please let them know that I don't like people to know about my personal stuff.
Suttirak asked me why I needed to know about him and Toon.
I think they used to have intimacy relationship for sure.
That's right. Because Rit tried to tell us something,
when Rak came, he stopped telling us already.
I think Toon must be his ex that he told me about.
Huh ? / You think?
That's right. Toon is my ex.
This red drink is quite tasty.
Very red.
Anything else?
Wait! I need to see if I have enough money.
Diao.
Yeah?
You don't get our conversation earlier, do you?
Pae / Yeah?
One brownie and hot Americano, please.
Sure.
Why don't you go ask him? Why he didn't pick up his ex's phone call?
Don't forget to ask him if they have a nasty breakup.
And if it was a nasty breakup, then why did she keep calling him?
I was just being told off earlier. Didn't you hear that? If I asked him again, he would have cursed my dad for sure.
That's even better. Your dad is in Chiang Mai. He won't hear about any of this.
That's right. His curse can't fly on the plane. Wait. We share the same dad.
Don't be mad at them. They want to know about this because they care about you.
That's right. Can't you see? They care about you.
That's right.
Why didn't you pick up the call from Toon?
Wait, I know that you care about him.
But if he didn't want to talk about it, you don't have to push it.
I don't want to know about it. But I'm afraid that he could pick a fight with someone else
and sabotage my work.
I told you that I can separate work and personal stuffs.
I need to apologize for my brother.
He likes to stick his nose into someone else's business.
Don’t forget to tell me if you know anything.
Come this way please.
If Rak tells you anything, please let me know too.
Thank you.
I've told you for so many times to stop messing with other people's business. It's bad habit.
If there's something on your mind, you can tell me.
Toon broke up with me and dating someone else.
I don't want to talk to her because of her new boyfriend.
That's why you didn't pick up her call.
Let me tell you something.
When I was young, I broke up with my ex, a nasty one.
And later she tried to call me.
But I was dating Noi at that time.
Did she understand you?
She got it. She said that people who broke up could stay friends.
What if I broke up with 10 girls, does it mean that I have 10 enemies too?
Wouldn't it be better if we broke up with 10 people and gain 10 more friends.
You're right.
Don't overthinking about it and stressing out.
Maybe Toon's boyfriend understands you like Noi did.
She was a good person. That's the reason why you didn't find someone else
even though she's gone for two years already.
I tried to ask Noi about it.
And she said that I could try to replace her but she would come back to bring me back with her.
Hello, Toon. Sorry I missed your call.
What's up?
You want to have dinner together? Sure. When is it?
I gotta go now.
Is the lamp crooked again?
That's right. Hey, don't tell me off yet.
I opened the door and I heard about it. I didn't eavesdrop or anything.
I didn't say anything. Why do you have to be defensive?
How could I not? You're such a smart mouth like this.
Why ? You're one too.
Why did you decide to call her back?
You said you didn't want to know about it.
I was just being polite. It's like greeting cats and dogs.
How was the bone? You like it? Something like that.
Thank you.
What for?
Thank you for caring about me, Mr. House Owner.
Who cares about you? Don't be so over yourself.
So you're not gonna tell me? Why did you call Toon back?
Fine! I don't want to know about it anymore.
Are you looking for me?
What're you talking about? I'm just checking on doorknob.
Not broken. It can be open from both sides.
Love Note. Chapter 8. When I was sick.
Ryu was sick for so many days but fever got nothing on him
because he has the best medicine with him.
It is Ryo's love and care. He takes the best care of Ryu.
What're you doing?
I'm gonna cool you off.
That's alright. I can take a shower by myself.
You still couldn't get up. How could you take a shower?
It's okay. Let me cool you off.
You can just wash my arms.
I need to wash your chest too. So your fever will be gone.
Besides, I need to know if I'm still in your heart.
Excuse me.
Suttirak? Come on in.
You want to know about Diao? What is it?
I don't think he's gonna pass probation period.
Narong made Suttirak to sign that Diao won't make it.
Poor Diao.
Did you see him?
Diao was drunk and he hasn't made it home yet.
Don't worry. I'm not gonna sign on that.
You think you're so smart, aren't you?